W-14360181 - Tutorial Style Edits (#242)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/tut-slack-create-config-files-sfdc.adoc

== Create a Configuration File

> . In your Explorer view, right-click *src* > *main* > *mule* > *resources* and select *New File*:

Reviewer: This is the same issue mentioned above. They navigate to *src* > *main* > *resources*  and then right click in resources to create a new file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your Explorer view, navigate to `src/main/resources`, and in `resources`, right-click and select *New File*. 
```
or some such.

Use the values in your `config.yaml` file to connect the Salesforce Connector to your Salesforce environment:

> . In your `new-case-salesforce.xml` file, create a new line after the `<configuration-properties/>` element, type `salesforce`, and select *salesforce:sfdc-config*:

Reviewer: This is a fun one bc I have a snippet and component with this same name. I'm not sure which one they're supposed to pick, tbh. If the full config is shown, maybe it doesn't matter.

Author: Not sure what to do with this comment, so I did nothing.
